chore: update README (#213)
jenkins-infra/azure: README.adoc

:caution-caption: :fire:
:warning-caption: :warning:
:toc:
:private_repo_name: terraform-states
:private_repo_url: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/{private_repo_name}

This repository hosts the infrastructure-as-code definition for all the link:https://azure.com/[Azure hosted] resources for the link:https://www.jenkins.io/projects/infrastructure/[Jenkins Infrastructure Project].

== Requirements

In order to use this repository to provision the Jenkins infrastructure on azure, you need:

* An `Azure` account
* The requirements (of the shared tools) listed at link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/shared-tools/tree/main/terraform#requirements[shared-tools/terraform#requirements]

> * The link:https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/settings/backends/s3.html[Terraform S3 Backend Configuration] on a local file named `backend-config`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The link:https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/azurerm[Terraform AzureRM Backend Configuration] on a local file named `backend-config`:
```
